---
title: v1.0.0
description: Release note of OpenPack Dataset (v1.0.0)
position: 3
category: release-note
version: 1.0
fullscreen: false
---

## Overview

This is the first full dataset release of the OpenPack dataset.
From [previous version (v0.3.1)](./v0-3-1.md), new data streams and annotations are added.
We also received comments about the file structure. Starting with this version, for each user, all data for that user will be combined into one zip file.
Thank you for your comments. We hope this will improve usability very much.

## Changes

- The following new data stream are added.
  - kinect/3d-kpt/none
  - kinect/3d-kpt/single-ffill-flip-fixed
  - kinect/color-masked/frames
- The following annotation data is added.
  - annotation/openpack-actions
  - annotation/openpack-actions-1hz
  - annotation/openpack-operations
  - annotation/openpack-outliers
- Annotation data `activity-1s` in `v0.3.1` is split into `openpack-actions-1hz` and `openpack-operation-1hz`. In addition, several annotation errors have been corrected for existing data.
- The data of the following users, which was not made available before, is now available to the public.
  - U0104 (annotation)
  - U0108 (annotation)
  - U0110 (annotation)
  - U0201
  - U0203 (annotation)
  - U0204 (annotation)
  - U0206
  - U0207 (annotation)
  - U0208
  - U0209

## Download

### OpenPack Dataset

The OpenPack Datset (w/o RGB) is available on Zenodo and Google Drive.
Image data is too heavy to upload to Zenodo.
Therefore, data other than image data can be downloaded from zenodo. If you want to use all data including images, please download from Google Drive.

- Zenodo (w/o Images)
  - Available at [Zenodo (Coming soon ...)](https://zenodo.org/record/7213887).
- Google Drive (w/ Images)
  - Depth images (Front/Top View), LiDAR are included.
  - [Google Drive - OpenPack Dataset (Coming soon ...)](TBA)
- Meta Data
  - Available at [GitHub: openpack-meta-data](https://github.com/open-pack/openpack-meta-data).
  - Please use this repo to track the changes and error correction.

### OpenPack Dataset (+RGB)

The RGB data is available under [OpenPack Dataset (+RGB) License](https://github.com/open-pack/openpack-toolkit/tree/main/docs/OPENPACK_DATASET_RGB_LICENSE.md).
If you would like to access to the RGB data, please send a request from the following google form.
After receiving your request, we will contact you at your e-mail address to confirm your affiliation and to provide you with instructions on how to access the data.

[OpenPack Dataset (+RGB) - Access Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScrRWe-qTQV5CKTBxtLQZ7ScgLsHFWxXRmD5he04qXRVBAtqg/viewform?usp=sf_link)

### Previous Release

[v0-3-1](./v0-3-1)
